docs: Update migration guides for Uno 6.3 (.NET 10 support, dropped .NET 8) and misc adjustments (#21471)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/platform-specific-xaml.md

### XAML prefixes in cross-targeted libraries

> For Uno Platform 6.0 and above, XAML prefixes behave differently in class libraries than when used directly in application code. Specifically, it isn't possible to distinguish Skia and Wasm/Native in a library, since both platforms use the `net8.0`/`net9.0` target. The `wasm` and `skia` prefixes will always evaluate to false inside of a library. (TBD: To verify if we if we are updating this above section)

Author: ```suggestion
For Uno Platform 6.0 and above, XAML prefixes behave differently in class libraries than when used directly in application code. Specifically, it isn't possible to distinguish Skia and Wasm/Native in a library, since both platforms use the `net9.0`/`net10.0` target. The `wasm` and `skia` prefixes will always evaluate to false inside of a library.
```
